university_projects
===================
This repository contains the most of my programming assignments, related to my university; some of them were implemented with other colleagues, because of the team spirit that the assignment tried to create. Let's have a quick look at the folders' structure.

software_engineering : The purpose of this project was to understand the fundamentals of UML. I was the leader in a team of 3, in this project; we successfully accomplished to present a fully working desktop application, written in JAVA, handled with MySQL and presented with Java Swing. The project involved 3 separate sections: 1) Requirements Engineering, 2) Design Engineering , 3) Coding. I was responsible for the supervision of the other 2 members of my team. I also had my separate parts in sections 1) and 2) and I did wrote all the code for this project. During this assignment, I saw how important is UML for large-scale projects; when it was time to code, everything came out so simply, by just combining the Use Case, Sequence, Activity and Class Diagrams and I didn't notice how easy the code was being deployed, since I measured about 4k lines of code; this was my very first large-scale project, so I was very excited about it. It got 10/10 and I will soon upload the related UML diagrams, too. I have also made a demo video explaining our application's functionality; I also didn't emphasize in the design, as the assignment's main scopee was understanding the fundamentals of UML. 
